Screensharing and camera video (#1001)
AgoraIO/Docs-Source: shared/video-sdk/develop/product-workflow/project-implementation/react-native.mdx

* A button to mute and unmute the remote audio track.
* Two buttons, `+` and `-` to change the volume of the local audio track.
* A button to start and stop screen sharing.

> * A separate `SurfaceView` to render the screensharing. This will enable you to share your screen while also keeping your local video published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A separate `SurfaceView` to render the screen sharing. This enables you to share your screen while also keeping your local video published.
```

1. **Add the required libraries**

>     An `IRtcEngine` object can publish only one video track at a time. If you want to enable both screen sharing and video on one host, you need to create an IRtcEngineEx object: which enables publishing the video track from the camera, and one for publishing the video track for screen sharing simultaneously. To publish screen and camera streams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An `IRtcEngine` object can publish only one video track at a time. If you want to enable both screen sharing and video on one host, create an `IRtcEngineEx` object to publish the video track from the camera, and one to publish the video track for screen sharing. To publish screen and camera streams simultaneously, take the following steps:
```
